that is, marvels today I want to show you
how is it possible to take care of
own hair
especially if they are maybe a little dry
off like doing the mask
really easy to do because
you just need to open the fridge e
open the pantry and you really are a
place
it is a very simple mask once
once done, you can apply immediately
I tell you right away that it should be applied to
dry hair held in pose let's say
about three quarters of an hour at most
you don't really need that much
time
then proceed with the usual washing
as you are used to you will see that i
hair will be nourished more
obviously illuminated even more hydrated
thanks to the natural properties of things
that maybe we have at home and not there
expect that by combining they could
give us these results and instead this
Video I want you to see how what
we need oil
extra virgin olive oil or
olive
then we need honey of any kind
you will obviously notice these then
cocoa powder preferably
bitter maybe not used I don't know the
nesquik here is this here
dell'esselunga also in this case the
mark the price anything else not
it matters
the same applies to the last one
ingredient as you see the ingredients
they are really few, they are only 4
the last ingredient is yogurt
whole white do you realize that anyway the
recipe that we are going to do is not
something we then have to insert
so you can be absolutely low
both with the price and in short with the
product quality the important thing is that
that those are the products that
use nothing in this case
in short, I recommend replacement of
use all four ingredients
I think in short it is not a problem
for anyone to find them
I'll show you how to do it
I've already told you everything about the times
if you have any questions to ask
sign up below
I tell you already in advance that this
mask year risk neither of harvey color
hair or dark veils as you can
see the red hair now but
do not become me that disconnects in Greek e
they do n't even darken me though
you are blond or you are not
more you can still use it
quietly because the purpose is that
to moisturize your hair and go to
enlighten them nothing else does not
nothing else this mask then
go absolutely quiet one
time our station ready
first thing to do is add the
Our yogurt there will serve you
account for my length of hair
then set yourself up with yours
but for me it takes 4 tablespoons of yogurt
once done that
we give our bitter cocoa and ne
add two tablespoons
at this point we add a spoon
of honey
and we begin to mix a little
at first it seems that it never thickens
because cocoa takes a while but
continuing to mix you will see that
will become a pap
as you can see the pap
would be
already ready so at this point there is
remains that add a teaspoon of
olive oil or extra virgin olive oil from
olive small trick if you have a
problem already of greasy hair in this
in case you avoid this step e
stop only at the first three
ingredients
at this point obviously we do not stay
that mix everything for one last
time
at this point our mother
but nutritious and enlightening is not ready
all you have to do is apply it
so I hope this video is there
liked let me know if you try it me
I recommend try it because you really do
very simple and you will notice the difference
that is, the first wash, at least I
already after the first application I have it
noticed so much so I hope that
you liked this video in return
then to the next video thanks thanks
thanks as usual for following me
and see you in the next video a kiss
to all and to all
Hello